friends over people who gather
all sorts of trash and unwanted trash usually
laugh they say well damn throw you
already this junk from your balcony but
John Lopez admires the whole world and you
now find out why john lopez
sculptor and painter living usa
which is from a pile of unnecessary trash
able to create a real work
art do not believe look
or
creates stunning figures in style
steampunk steampunk became real
subculture wide
graphics distribution
design and even in the field of computer games
who doesn't know the meaning of the word steampunk
be lazy google it that john long
time was unemployed
loans were being pressed against him
relatives of the nursery
capable loser doomed and whole life
drag out a poor existence does not have
money john settled in the garage with
scrap metal
where he worked for his friend the night
when the garage was closed john remained
one on one with a bunch of tools
unthinkable mountain of metals
intended for remelting to
pass the time and forget about the problems
john remembered what it used to be
creativity will be all he began
invent miss a bunch of trash create
masterpieces
naturally his start their hobby could not
go unnoticed and soon no one
the sculptor needed was a sensation
tau yansen i know what that name is to you
what does not say and the opinion about what is not
spoke until I began to dig into
Internet search videos and stumbled upon
tsn
he is no less brilliant than john lopez and you
now make sure of it
ian jansen is a netherlands artist and
kinetic sculptor what is this bullshit
you ask what else for genetic
a sculptor let me keep silent and just
show video
this is the work of a lifetime then I am a price matter
was so
and he could not understand what to do
in life in which direction to move and
through trial and error he revealed to himself
ability to animate not spiritualized
items of kinetic sculpture then
can not only move independently
but also respond to the environment
insanely is not it every animal
constructed from a variety of plastic
tubules
bottles of wooden bars pour Elena
and scotch and by itself all these sculptures
collected
one only person you and janson
this is the work of my life and I know that
when I die
my soul will and continue to live in my
creations
these guys clearly showed us no
there is no limit to human fantasy
the limits of our possibilities are just the main thing
always go ahead go ahead through
difficulties that will be on the way without them
no way
if someone thinks he is up to something
and start doing it and everything will go as
mom on butter then excuse me so not
happens and so be prepared to overcome
all obstacles get ready to go to
your goal no matter what to do
what you want to do
inspires you something that inspires something that
gives impetus to spend every single day
so thought that someday you
you will achieve what you always dreamed of as
said paulo coelho his great book
an alchemist who by the way recommend to you
read paulo said if you are something
wish the whole universe will be
help make your wish
come true with you was me and our project magnet
subscribe to our channel put
likes sharing friends telling about
us and of course be a magnet
attract your life the best i
I tell you see you soon